Thank you, Jamison. I hope to continue working together.
What did you put in my drink?
She's all yours, Jamison. Enjoy.
You know, I think it might be better for both of us if you just at least try to make sure you...
Please. Let me go.
Let you go.
Well, no woman can escape me once I have her in my sleep.
Stop! Stop!
Don't dare you touch my woman.
Regina said she was just some girl you used to sweeten deals.
Give me the police and find Regina.
Make her pay for this.
And bankrupt Jamison Brown.
I'm sorry, Dexter. I had no idea she was your woman.
Look, yeah, I got here in time.
Have you got any further? I've taken a pound of blush for payment.
I'm sorry, Dex. All right? We've been friends since like forever.
Bankrupt Jamison Brown in three seconds.
Dexter, please shut up.
Get the fuck off of me.
Go.
Are you okay?
Just a bit drowsy.
There's been something I've been meaning to get off my chest.
Lillian, I love you. I need you.
You too?
So I wasn't scaring you with the whole love thing, was I?
Never.
You're not just saying yes because I'm your boss, right?
No, Dexter, you idiot.
I'm sure I'm quite ready to walk in, Mr. Windsor.
You do this to all your secretaries?
Just you.
Once I finalize my divorce, make us official.
I'll do the same.
I'm not going anywhere else, Alex.
Dexter.
Lillian.
What are you doing here?
I'm here for my divorce.
Me too.
What are the odds?
Where's your husband?
He should be in there right now.
Where's your wife?
Inside.
Ready to go?
I can't believe we're getting divorced on the same day.
And we're starting the new chapter together.
That's pretty wild.
No, I thought you were supposed to pick him up from school.
I got here, and the teacher said he left a long time ago,
and he's not answering my calls.
Denny is a smart kid.
He wouldn't leave school without telling anyone.
I'm calling the police.
Dexter, my kid is missing.
I'm going with you.
But what about your divorce?
Your kid is a priority.
I can't get divorced any day.
I don't know you.
Your mom stole my man.
I'm sure you got the right kid.
Yes.
I followed you.
I know your mom, Lillian,
picks you up from school every afternoon.
Yikes, lady.
That's talking.
Did you say she stole your man?
Yes.
Her boss, Dr. Windsor.
Happy about it.
Mr. Good looking will be now.
You know, kidnapping is a serious crime.
No one will know it was me.
You want Mommy to leave her boss?
Let me go, and I'll make it happen.
Do I look like I'm five years old?
I don't.
I'm going to kill you.
And your Mommy is going to regret it for the rest of her life.
Denny's watch says he's here.
Mr. Good looking.
It's you.
You're Lillian's son?
Yes.
This is my son.
She's my Mommy.
Denny, how old are you?
I'm five.
I'm sorry I'm not.
Who was that guy in your apartment?
Charles?
He's my friend.
Wait.
Who's your husband?
I never saw him.
We've been married for six years and out of the blue he files for divorce.
The lawyer who's been contacting you.
His name's Alex?
Yes.
How did you know?
Alex is my lawyer.
What?
You're my wife.
Denny's my son.
What?
You're my wife.
Denny's my son.
What?
No, we missed each other this whole time.
I'm sorry I wasn't going to actually hurt him.
Lady, you had a knife.
Who needs the cops when an apology is all you need?
Dexter?
Help me.
Think about your Mom.
Regina.
What you did is unforgivable.
You'll be going away for a long time.
I did it because I love you.
Love?
You have no idea what love is.
Well, I mean, as a kid with another man, clearly she's not your perfect match.
Lillian, is my wife.
Head out of the father of her child.
What?
It's the truth.
She's my wife.
What goes around comes around Regina.
Send her away.
No!
I still don't get it.
I thought you got your wife a handbag and flowers.
About the bag.
When Denny told me he was four years old, I thought you cheated him.
So I threw it in the way.
And the flowers?
At that time, I heard Denny call another man, Dad.
You thought my friend was the man I was cheating with you on?
Yes.
If we had done this sooner, it wouldn't have taken us so long.
Lillian, I'm sorry.
I thought my emotions get the best of me.
Mr. Good-looking.
You kicked ass.
Denny, you finally got your wish.
But why are you still calling him Mr. Good-looking?
Been a few door twice.
It was the first time I get to see inside.
This is your home now, too.
Stay here.
I'll get the door.
Mom, what are you doing in here?
I'm here to apologize.
I am so sorry, Lillian.
I just heard about what happened with Regina.
It's over now.
Are you two still going to get a divorce?
Never.
Good.
Lillian, do you still consider me your mother-in-law?
You always will be.
Lillian, it might be grand fun.
Let's move into Granny's house today, okay?
To Granny's.
So, honey, how are you sleeping in his desk?
Very well.
I sleep like a baby on that $2 million mattress.
Wish I could say the same.
What's wrong?
Do you need a new pillow?
We've been married for six years, and yet we're sleeping in different beds.
Remind me, who decided to go overseas for six straight years?
You spend every night with Denny.
It won't be my turn.
Why don't the three of us sleep together?
No.
That'd be kind of productive.
She is Dexter.
So eager.
Denny can spend the day with me.
Are you sure?
Yes.
She is.
Granny, why don't you mommy and daddy go?
Denny, do you want a baby brother or a baby sister?